chore: add notice for registration turn off (#360)
babylonchain/networks: bbn-test-4/README.md

This repository serves as an information registry for this system,
since there is no PoS chain to store system information.
Such information includes:
1. *[Finality Providers Information](./finality-providers)
   which contains additional information about
   finality providers participating in the system such as their monikers,
   committed commission, and other identifying information.
   Finality providers wishing to register more information about them to
   display on the testnet web interfaces, should submit their information
   there.*

>    __Participation is turned of for the current testnet, you can still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   __Registration is turned off for the current testnet, you can still
```
